Calculate the prediction of a tree model given a subset of features.
So we'll implement algorithm one of Scott Lundberg's paper.
So I'm referring to the one that we paste it at the top of this notebook.
Then, you can also see if you go to the paper itself,
we're implementing this algorithm right here.
So this is a way to use a single trained tree to estimate
predictions of other trees that would be trained on a subset of the features.
So here's a bonus challenge.
Try to implement this function completely by yourself.
So here would be the starter code if you want to
implement this algorithm right here in your own way.
So this is great practice for you.
It's okay if you get stuck because we'll also have starter code that you can use as well.
So you can stop here in the video if you want to try it out yourself
or you can continue watching the rest of
this video and I'll explain a bit about the starter code.